Subset update (#256)
IBM/network-config-analyzer: docs/SchemeFileFormat.md

|outputFormat|Output format specification.|string [ txt / yaml / csv / md / dot ] |
|outputPath|A file path to redirect output into.|string|
|outputEndpoints|Choose endpoints type in output.|string [ pods / deployments ]|
|subset| A dict object with the defined subset elements to display in the output|[subset](#subset) object|

#### <a name="subset"></a>Subset object
The supported entries in the subset object are as follows:

| Field | Description | Value |
|-------|-------------|-------|
|namespace_subset|A comma separated list of namespaces (no spaces allowed)|string|
|deployment_subset|A comma separated list of deployments (no spaces allowed). Deployment can be specific for a namespace and have the namespace prefix following by the '/' character.|string|

> |label_subset|A structure of pairs (key:value). Each block of labels starts with the '-' character. labels within a block implement a loical AND betweem them, while between block there is a logical OR implemented|(key:value) pairs, per line|

Author: Explained it more clearly (hopefully).

> |label_subset|A structure of pairs (key:value). Each block of labels starts with the '-' character. labels within a block implement a loical AND betweem them, while between block there is a logical OR implemented|(key:value) pairs, per line|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|label_subset|A list of maps of {key,value} pairs. Each list item has a logical AND implied between its {key,value} pairs, while a logical OR is implied between list items. Query results will be therefore limited to endpoints whose labels match all {key,value} pairs in at least one list item.|
```
